Announcer: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
I KNOW WE'RE ALL STILL REELING
FROM THAT INCREDIBLE
SECOND MATCH,
BUT IT'S ALMOST TIME
FOR OUR THIRD!
IT'S YUSEI VERSUS SHIRA!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THIS SHIRA?
A COUPLE O' FELLAS
I KNOW
HAD SOME RUN-INS
WITH THE GUY
A FEW YEARS BACK,
IN THE UNDERGROUND
DUELS.
ACCORDING TO THEM,
HE WASN'T EXACTLY
A FAN
A' PLAYIN' NICE.
BACK THEN, HE WAS
CALLIN' HIMSELF
THE SHADOW REEPER.
APPARENTLY, HE NEVER
TAKES OFF
THOSE CREEPY ROBES
A' HIS.
YOU PLANNING ON USING
STARDUST DRAGON?
[THINKING] I'M SAVING STARDUST
FOR MY DUEL AGAINST JACK.
AND WHEN I FACE HIM,
HE'S GONNA WISH
HE NEVER GAVE IT BACK TO ME!
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Hunter: JACK ATLAS...
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DIDN'T INVITE ME
TO YOUR LITTLE PARTY.
THEN AGAIN... IT'S GONNA
BE FUN CRASHING IT.
COMIN' THROUGH!
WE GOT TROUBLE! HALT!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
NOT.
PULL OVER IMMEDIATE...!
[LAUGHING]
Guard: AFTER HIM!
Guard: THIS WAY!
WE'VE GOT THIS CORRIDOR
BLOCKED OFF;
GET OVER
TO THE EAST SIDE.
YOU HEARD THE MAN!
[SNICKERS]
UH...
WE NEED YOU TO GET YUSEI
AS WORKED UP AS POSSIBLE
SO HIS MARK APPEARS.
BUT DON'T EXPECT THIS
TO BE EASY.
THAT SATELLITE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
IN A OFF-THE-RECORD
DUEL, HE DEFEATED
JACK ATLAS.
SOMEONE DEFEATED JACK
IN A DUEL?
[SQUEAKING]
YOU'VE GOT RATS.
[AGHAST]
AS I WAS SAYING,
THIS BOY'S SKILLS SHOULD NOT
BE TAKEN LIGHTLY...
SO YUSEI DEFEATED JACK...
[GIGGLES]
[CROWD CHEERING]
LET'S GO GET SOME
COTTON CANDY OR SOMETHING!
THE DUEL'S
ABOUT TO START.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO SEE YUSEI TURBO DUEL!
[THINKING] HMM. I WONDER
WHAT GOODWIN WANTS WITH YUSEI.
FIRST HE LETS HIM
OUT OF THE FACILITY,
THEN HE INVITES HIM
TO THIS TOURNAMENT.
IT JUST SEEMS FISHY.
ALRIGHT, EVERYBODY,
ARE YOU READY!
IT'S TIME FOR THE FORTUNE CUP'S
FIRST TURBO DUEL!
[CROWD CHEERING]
HE'S THE SPUNKY PUNK
TRYIN' TO GET
FROM THIRD TO FIRST CLASS,
HE'S THE LITTLE SATELLITE
WHO COULD.
DUELING FANS, I GIVE YOU...
YU-SEI...!!
[CROWD BOOING]
GO BACK TO
THE SATELLITE, LOSER!
YOU'RE OUTTA YOUR
LEAGUE, SLACKER!
YOU GO, YUSEI!
Jack, thinking:
LET'S SEE IF YOU CAN EVEN
MAKE IT PAST YOUR FIRST DUEL.
SHADOW CREEPER
HIMSELF... SHIRA...!!
Boy: DON'T LET US DOWN!
SHOW THAT PUNK
HE'S NOT WELCOME HERE!
Man: YEAH, PUT HIM
IN HIS PLACE!
I DON'T GET IT, WHY ARE
THESE JERKS PUTTING DOWN YUSEI,
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW HIM.
OK... LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF
SATELLITE!
WITH BOTH DUELISTS
AT THE STARTING LINE...
THERE'S JUST ONE THING
LEFT TO DO...
GENTS... START YOUR RUNNERS!
Duel runner computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
Announcer: THIS IS
THE POINT OF NO RETURN!
BOTH DUELISTS HAVE ACTIVATED
THEIR SPEED WORLD FIELD SPELL!
NOW, THE ONLY SPELLS
THEY CAN USE ARE SPEED SPELLS!
HUH?
Duel runner computer:
TURBO DUELISTS.
COUNTDOWN INITIATED.
READY, SET, DUEL.
HUH?
[ALL GASP]
[LAUGHS]
SURPRISE, SURPRISE...
DIDN'T EXPECT TO SEE ME
OUT HERE, DID YA?!
THIS IS THE MOTHER
OF ALL SURPRISES!
THAT'S NOT SHIRA,
THAT'S THE FORMER CHAMPION,
THE MAD BIKER, THE PHANTOM
OF FIRE, IT'S...
IT'S HUNTER PACE!
WHAT HAPPENED TO SHIRA?
I'M AFRAID WE HAVE
A BIT OF A SITUATION.
HE JUST SNUCK UP BEHIND ME...
ARE YOU GONNA
ACCEPT MY CHALLENGE?
OR ARE YOU GONNA
BACK DOWN
IN FRONT OF
ALL THESE
EXCITED PEOPLE?
[LAUGHS]
SO WHAT DA YA
THINK YUSEI?
YOU GAME TO DUEL
HUNTER PACE?
TRUST ME, YOU DIDN'T
WANNA DUEL SHIRA...
THAT GUY'S
A REAL BORE.
LET'S DO THIS.
ALRIGHT THEN!
UUUH, I'M NOT SURE
IF THIS IS, UH, I, WELL, UH...
IF YOU'RE WAITING FOR
MY APPROVAL, WELL THEN... HMM.
HA HA! GOODWIN HAS GREENLIT
HUNTER'S CHALLENGE!
WE ARE A GO!...THE DUEL IS ON!
[CROWD CHEERING]
THE FIRST MOVE'S MINE!
I DRAW!
AND FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON
BURNING SKULLHEAD
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I END MY TURN
BY PLACING 3 CARDS FACEDOWN.
Yusei: I'M UP THEN!
AND I SUMMON
SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
LOOKS LIKE YUSEI'S
NOT GONNA WASTE ANY TIME
GETTING ON THE OFFENSIVE!
SPEED WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
DOUBLE DURING
ITS SUMMONING PHASE,
SO I'D BET MY POMPADOUR THAT
WE'RE ABOUT TO SEE AN ATTACK!
SPEED WARRIOR,
STRIKE HIM
WITH HYPER SONIC SLASH!
SORRY BUT MY ZERO GUARD
TRAP CARD'S
PUTTING THE BREAKS
ON YOUR SPEED WARRIOR!
SEE BY TAKING AWAY
ALL MY BURNING SKULLHEAD'S
ATTACK POINTS,
I CAN MAKE IT
INVULNERABLE TO ATTACKS!
SO YOU CAN'T DESTROY IT
IN BATTLE!
Announcer: WHOA! TALK ABOUT
A TURN OF EVENTS!
HE SAVED HIS MONSTER...
BUT HUNTER'S BEEN SLAMMED
WITH 1,800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
WHY WOULD HE
WILLINGLY TAKE
SUCH A BIG HIT?
HE MUST HAVE
SOME SORT OF REASON
FOR WANTING
THAT MONSTER AROUND.
AFTER TAKING THAT MUCH
DAMAGE AT ONCE,
HIS SPEED COUNTERS
SHOULD DROP, RIGHT?
SO, UH... HOW COME
THEY HAVEN'T GONE DOWN?
I GIVE YOU THE DOOM
ACCELERATOR TRAP!
N'THANKS TO THIS PUPPY,
I'LL BE GAINING
ONE SPEED COUNTER
FOR EVERY 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
I TAKE IN BATTLE,
STARTING RIGHT NOW!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Man: WOW, WHAT A MOVE!
Girl: UNBELIEVABLE!
AW, YEAH!!
THAT'S YOUR FIRST TASTE OF
MY NEW SPEED ACCELERATION DECK!
CUSTOM ENGINEERED
BY YOURS TRULY!
HEY, HUNTER!
I NEVER STOPPED
BEING YOUR FAN!
NOT A BAD PLAY, HUNTER,
BUT... IT'LL TAKE MORE THAN
THAT TO SHAKE ME.
FOR NOW, I PLACE 2 CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
I'M CRANKIN' THIS DUEL
UP A NOTCH
WITH THE SUMMON
SPEEDER SPELL!
N'SINCE I HAVE
4 SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE SUMMON SPEEDER
TO BUST OUT
A NEW MONSTER...
SO SAY HELLO TO SKULL BASE!
NEXT... BY KICKING
SKULL BASE
AND BURNING SKULLHEAD
TO THE CURB,
I CAN ADVANCE SUMMON...
SKULL FLAME!
SORRY, KID,
BUT... I'M HERE
TO DUEL JACK ATLAS AGAIN
AND REGAIN MY TITLE,
AND, WELL, YUSEI...
YOU'RE BLOCKING MY WAY.
SO YOU GOTTA FALL!...
SKULL FLAME... BURN UP
HIS LIFE POINTS!
[GROANING]
Announcer: YUSEI MAY HAVE
KICK-STARTED THIS DUEL
WITH A POWERFUL ATTACK...
BUT THE FORMER TURBO CHAMPION
HAS JUST UNLEASHED
A BLISTERING COMBO...
AND INSTANTLY ALMOST
EVENED UP THE SCORE!
[CROWD CHEERING]
MAN, HUNTER'S
ON FIRE!
[CHUCKLES] N'I'M
JUST GETTING WARMED UP.
PREPARE FOR
THE REAL HEAT...
AS I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED BOOSTER
TRAP CARD!
Duel runner computer:
SPEED BOOSTER ALLOWS YOU
TO DEAL DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR OPPONENT'S
SPEED COUNTERS
MULTIPLIED BY 100.
MAN, THIS GUY'S QUICK.
[GROANING]
Hunter: WELCOME TO
THE REAL WORLD
OF TURBO DUELING, KID...
IF YOU CAN'T KEEP UP,
YOU'RE GONNA GET
LEFT BEHIND...[LAUGHS]
I CAME HERE TO BURN RUBBER
AND TAKE NAMES, YUSEI,
AND NO ONE IS GONNA
STOP ME FROM WINNING
THE CHANCE TO RECLAIM MY TITLE.
SEE WHEN I WAS
THE NUMBER ONE RANKED
TURBO DUELIST IN THE WORLD,
I LEARNED TO DEFEND MY TITLE
BY REPEATEDLY DEFLECTING ATTACKS
FROM ALL DIRECTIONS
JUST LIKE MY MONSTER,
BUT I ALSO LEARNED
THAT TO STAY AT THE TOP
YOU GOTTA DISH OUT DAMAGE
HARD AND FAST
SO GET READY TO FEEL THE HEAT!
TALKS A LOT,
DOESN'T HE?
UNFORTUNATELY,
HE'S ABLE TO PUT
HIS MONEY WHERE HIS
MOUTH IS IN THIS CASE
'CAUSE HE'S EARNED
A BIG ADVANTAGE.
DID YUSEI JUST
CRACK A SMILE?
I DIDN'T SEE THAT,
IS HE SMILING,
DID YOU SEE HIM SMILE,
WHY WOULD YUSEI SMILE?
[CHUCKLES]
WHY ARE YOU SMILING?
AND NOW TO TURN UP
THE HEAT SATELLITE...
I INITIATE SPEED BOOSTER'S
SPECIAL ATTACK!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THIS IS A WHOLE NEW HUNTER PACE
WE'RE SEEING!
HE'S TOTALLY REINVENTED HIMSELF.
I'M ON THE FAST TRACK TO GLORY,
NO ONE CAN STOP ME!
DON'T BLINK OR YOU'LL MISS ME!
I'M BRINGING A WHOLE NEW
INTENSITY TO TURBO DUELING,
I'M GONNA LEAVE
THE ENTIRE WORLD IN MY DUST,
I'M GONNA... HUH!?
YOU'RE GONNA WHAT?
HOW ARE YOU KEEPING UP
WITH ME!?
HUH? SLIP STREAM?!
AW, MAN YOU GOTTA
BE KIDDING ME!
IS THAT WHY
HE WAS SMILING?
SURE IS.
YA SEE, SLIP STREAM
IS A GREAT ASSET
IN THIS SITUATION.
IF YOUR SPEED COUNTER
IS LESS THAN
YOUR OPPONENT'S...
AND YOUR OPPONENT
USES A SPEED SPELL,
YOU CAN ACTIVATE
SLIP STREAM.
THEN... DURING THE NEXT
STANDBY PHASE,
YOUR SPEED COUNTERS BECOME
EQUAL TO YOUR OPPONENT'S.
YUSEI RULES!
LET'S JUST HOPE
HE MAKES USE
OF THIS POSITION.
YOU MUST THINK YOU'RE
SLICKER THAN SLICK,
DON'T YOU...
I DRAW!
I'M CRANKIN' THIS DUEL
UP A NOTCH
WITH THE SUMMON
SPEEDER SPELL!
NOT SO FAST...
I PLAY SLIP STREAM.
YOU KNOW,
I HEARD SOME PEOPLE
SAYING YOU WERE
GOOD, YUSEI!
BUT I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
JUST NOT GOOD ENOUGH
TO KEEP UP WITH ME.
I ACTIVATE...
ACCELERATION ZONE!
JUST TRY TO CATCH ME NOW!
YEEEEEEAH!!!
HA HA...
Announcer: INCREDIBLE!
HUNTER PACE'S SPEED COUNTER
HAS ROCKETED ALL THE WAY TO 11!
[GRUNTING]
WOOOHOOO!!
YOU MAY THINK
YOU OUTSMARTED ME
BY SLIPPING IN YOUR
SLIP STREAM LAST ROUND
BUT MY DECK IS SO FAST
THAT NO MATTER WHAT CARD
YOU PLAY OR MOVE YOU MAKE,
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
A STEP BEHIND.
BUT THAT'S SOMETHING
YOU SATELLITES
HAVE COME TO EXPECT
ISN'T IT?!
WELL I WONDER
IF YOU EXPECTED ME
TO PLAY THIS,
THE SUMMON SPEEDER
SPELL CARD!
WOAH! YUSEI MET
HUNTER PACE'S CHALLENGE
WITH A DIRECT COUNTER!
HMPH!
Yusei: NOW WITH THE POWER
OF SUMMON SPEEDER...
I SUMMON QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
IN DEFENSE MODE
AND JUNK SYNCHRON
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND THANKS TO
MY JUNK SYNCHRON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
SO I'M BRINGING BACK...
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND NOW, I TUNE
MY JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SPEED WARRIOR,
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
All: ALRIGHT!
I GUESS
YOU COULD SAY HE'S
KEEPING PACE
WITH HUNTER!
BUT BEFORE I ATTACK...
SINCE THE QUILLBOLT
ON MY FIELD IS A LEVEL 2,
JUNK WARRIOR CAN ABSORB
ITS ATTACK POINTS.
IT'S GO TIME!
HEH!...FORGET MY
SPEED BOOSTER
TRAP ALREADY?
OH DEAR...
HOW DID HE STOP
JUNK WARRIOR'S
ATTACK LIKE THAT?
REMEMBER, WITH THAT
SPEED BOOSTER TRAP CARD,
HUNTER CAN BLOCK
THE SAME NUMBER OF ATTACKS
AS THEIR DIFFERENCE
IN SPEED COUNTERS.
OH, RIGHT, SO...
SINCE HUNTER'S
AT 11...
AND YUSEI'S
AT 6, THEN...
HUNTER'S ABLE TO DEFLECT
5 OF YUSEI'S ATTACKS?
I'VE GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO PUSH THROUGH THIS.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YEAH, THAT'S
WHAT I THOUGHT...
I DRAW!
HUNTER IS TOTALLY MAXED OUT!
IT DOESN'T GET ANY FASTER THAN
12 SPEED COUNTERS, PEOPLE!
AFTER JACK TOOK MY TITLE
AND I FAILED TO SNATCH IT BACK,
I WENT INTO HIDING TO UNDERGO
SOME SERIOUS RE-TRAINING,
AND I REALIZED
THAT IF I WAS GONNA
AGAIN RULE THE TURBO DUELS,
I HAD TO PUT SPEED FIRST!
YOU'RE AS GOOD AS DONE
IN A TURBO DUEL
IF YOU CAN'T FEARLESSLY HARNESS
THE AWESOME POWER OF TRUE SPEED!
IT'S NOT JUST WHAT YOU DO,
IT'S HOW FAST YOU DO IT,
WHICH I WILL NOW
DEMONSTRATE BY ACTIVATING
THE ACCELERATE DRAW SPEED SPELL!
THIS LETS ME DRAW
2 MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK!
HA HA.
OH... YEA-A-A-AH!
IT'S IN MY HAND!...
THE END OF STORM SPELL CARD!
WHAT?!
HE HAS THE SPELL CARD
END OF STORM?
SHOULDA STAYED INDOORS
TODAY, YUSEI!...
YOUR LOCAL FORECAST CALLS FOR
SOME HARDCORE SCHOOLING
AND A WHOLE LOTTA LET DOWN.
WITH A SLIGHT CHANCE
OF ANNIHILATION.
BUT IT'S TOO LATE FOR YOU NOW!
I ACTIVATE... END OF STORM!
FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND,
YOU AND JACK ATLAS
HAVE SOME HISTORY,
SO I'M SURE YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS.
THE STORM DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTER ON THE FIELD
AND THEN WE BOTH TAKE
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY MONSTER WE HAD.
[GRUNTING]
WO... W!
HUNTER PACE HAS MANAGED TO NAIL
YUSEI FOR 600 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
BUT IN DOING SO, HE HAD
TO OBLITERATE HIS OWN MONSTER!
HE CAN'T ATTACK NOW!
WHAT'S HE GONNA DO?
HEH! NOW THAT THE STORM
HAS BLOWN OVER.
I REMOVE ONE SKULL FLAME
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY.
BY DOING SO... I CAN SUMMON
THE INCREDIBLE
SPEED KING SKULL FLAME
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE,
3,000 ATTACK POINTS AND ALL!
OH NO.
3,000 ATTACK POINTS?!
NOT ONLY DID HUNTER DESTROY
EVERY MONSTER ON THE FIELD
AND DEAL DAMAGE TO YUSEI,
BUT HE'S MANAGED TO SUMMON
AN INCREDIBLY POWERFUL
NEW MONSTER!
WHAT A STUPENDOUS
STRING OF MOVES!
THIS COULD BE THE END
OF THE DUEL RIGHT HERE!
HUNTER PACE MAY BE MOVING ON
IN THE TOURNAMENT.
AND JACK ATLAS MAY BE GETTING
A LITTLE SCARED RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
THIS DUEL IS OVER YUSEI!
'CAUSE SPEED KING
SKULL FLAME
IS GONNA
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
WELL MY SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW
SHOULD EXTINGUISH ITS ATTACK!
YUSEI HAS SHIELDED HIMSELF
FROM HUNTER'S SKULL FLAME!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU DO WHEN I
ACTIVATE SPEED BOOSTER AGAIN!
[GRUNTING]
OH NO!
STAY STRONG, YUSEI!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE SPEED KING
SKULL FLAME'S SPECIAL ABILITY...
SO FOR EVERY BURNING SKULLHEAD
IN MY GRAVEYARD...
YOU TAKE 400 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
Announcer: YUSEI IS
BARELY HOLDING ON
WITH A MEASLY 400 LIFE POINTS.
CAN HE SURVIVE?
[THINKING] COME ON YUSEI,
SHOW ME
YOUR MARK OF THE DRAGON...
IF WE CONFIRM THAT
YUSEI'S A SIGNER,
SHALL I HAVE HIM
BROUGHT TO YOU
DIRECTOR?
Yusei: IT'S MY TURN!
FIRST, I'M GONNA SLOW THIS DUEL
DOWN A LITTLE BIT...
WITH SHIFT DOWN!
Announcer:
IN A QUESTIONABLE MOVE,
YUSEI HAS INTENTIONALLY
DECREASED HIS SPEED COUNTERS.
WHAT COULD HE BE THINKING?
MAYBE HE
ISN'T THINKING.
HE MUST BE BANKING ON
HIS DECK RIGHT NOW.
BANKING ON
HIS DECK?
THAT'S RIGHT...
SHIFT DOWN MAY FORCIBLY
LOWER YOUR
SPEED COUNTERS BY 6,
BUT THE UPSIDE IS THAT
IT LETS YOU DRAW 2 CARDS
FROM THE TOP OF YOUR DECK.
I GET IT...
HE'S HOPING HE CAN
BUST OUT A GAME CHANGER.
EXACTLY.
OUR FRIEND YUSEI NEVER STOPS
BELIEVING IN HIS CARDS.
NOW THAT MY SPEED HAS DECREASED,
I CAN DRAW 2 MORE CARDS.
AND NEXT, I SUMMON
NITRO SYNCHRON.
NOW THAT I'VE GOT A TUNER
MONSTER ON MY FIELD...
I CAN BRING QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
BACK FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
WITH THAT DONE, I'M ACTIVATING
THE GIVE AND TAKE TRAP CARD.
Duel runner computer:
THE GIVE AND TAKE TRAP CARD
SUMMONS A MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
TO YOUR OPPONENT'S FIELD.
THE LEVEL OF THAT MONSTER
IS THEN ADDED
TO A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD.
SO NOW I'M GOING TO GIVE
YOUR DEFENSE A LITTLE BOOST
AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE POWER
THAT BEAST POSSESSES!
YOU'RE DOING WHAT?
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN
AT THE TOP OF THE RANKS
BACK IN THE DAY HUNTER,
BUT THAT'S ONLY 'CAUSE
YOU NEVER FACED BEASTS
WITH ABILITIES
LIKE THESE.
SO WITH QUILLBOLT
HEDGEHOG BUMPED UP
TO LEVEL 5
AND NITRO SYNCHRON
ALREADY AT LEVEL 2,
THEN HE......
CAN SYNCHRO SUMMON
A LEVEL 7 MONSTER!
NOW I TUNE MY NITRO SYNCHRON
AND MY QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON NITRO WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP ONE MORE TIME!
PRETTY COOL MONSTER, BUT...
I CAN DEFLECT YOUR ATTACK
WITH SPEED BOOSTER,
SO THERE WAS NO POINT
IN SUMMONING THAT THING!
I WONDER IF HUNTER
KNOWS THAT
SYNCHRO SUMMONING
NITRO WARRIOR
HAS ENABLED YUSEI
TO DRAW ANOTHER CARD
FROM THE TOP
OF HIS DECK.
IS THAT WHY YUSEI
SUMMONED IT?
YOU GOT IT.
HE'S TRYING TO GET
TO A CERTAIN CARD.
CHECK IT OUT, YUSEI!
I'M SO MUCH FASTER,
I'M ABOUT
TO LAP YOU...
HEH, HEH, HEH!!
[THINKING] I CAN DO THIS...
JUST WHAT I NEEDED.
I'M ACTIVATING THE SPEED
SPELL... GAP STORM!
WHAT IS THIS?
I CAN ONLY
ACTIVATE GAP STORM
WHEN THE DIFFERENCE
IN OUR SPEED COUNTERS IS
10 OR MORE,
THAT'S WHY I SLOWED DOWN.
NOW I CAN DESTROY EVERY TRAP
AND SPELL CARD ON THE FIELD.
OH, NO, SO
THAT MEANS...
SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR SPEED BOOSTER!
WOW, TALK ABOUT A BIG-TIME RISK
ACTUALLY PAYING OFF.
HOW IRONIC... HE MIGHT
MANAGE TO WIN
A GAME OF SPEED
BY SLOWING DOWN.
THIS AIN'T OVER.
IT WILL BE ONCE NITRO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY KICKS IN!
AND BECAUSE I ACTIVATED
A SPELL CARD
ON MY OWN TURN...
MY NITRO WARRIOR
GETS HOOKED UP
WITH 1,000
ATTACK POINTS.
WHA-HA-HA?!
NITRO... ATTACK WITH
DYNAMITE CRUNCH!!
I'M STILL AHEAD!
NOT FOR LONG!
YOU SEE HUNTER,
EVEN THOUGH YOU HAD THE LEAD
FOR MOST OF THE DUEL
YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE
ABOUT TO RUN OUT OF GAS
AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF
MY NITRO WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WAIT, SO...
MY JUNK SYNCHRON'S
SWITCHED TO
ATTACK MODE?
BUT THAT MEANS...
IT CAN'T PROTECT ME!
NITRO ATTACK!
AAH!
YUSEI IS
ABOUT TO PULL OFF A MAJOR
COME-FROM-BEHIND VICTORY!
CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS?
IT'S OVE... R!
THERE'S JUST NO LOVE
FOR THE ONE-TIME CHAMPION
THESE DAYS.
HIS DREAM GOES UP
IN SMOKE AGAIN!
YUSEI DID IT!
I JUST KNEW
HE COULD DO IT!
THAT WAS
INCREDIBLE.
[LAUGHING]
OH, YEAH...
THAT WAS A REALLY
GREAT DUEL, HUNTER.
DON'T THINK
I'LL TAKE THIS LOSS
SITTIN' DOWN, YUSEI.
I PROB'LY SHOULDA
STOOD UP BEFORE
I SAID THAT.
MAN, I THOUGHT
I HAD YA!
[LAUGHING]
Zigzix: OH, NOTHING.
HUNTER WAS TOO WEAK
TO BRING OUT
YUSEI'S SIGN.
HIS NEXT OPPONENT
SHOULD TRY BREAKING HIM
INSTEAD OF BENDING HIM.
[LAUGHS]
THIS TOURNAMENT
ISN'T JUST ABOUT
WINNING THE CHANCE
TO DUEL ME, IS IT?
WHAT'S REALLY
GOING ON HERE?!
WHAT DO YOU
NEED YUSEI
TO HELP YOU
DO ANYWAY?!
Goodwin: ALL IN DUE TIME, JACK.
ALL IN DUE TIME. [LAUGHS]